purveyor of artisan pizza Domino's
conducted a publicity stunt recently
they released a video on youtube of one
of their pizzas being delivered by drone
you know one of those unmanned flying
vehicles that the US military loves to
use to kill people all over the world
without having to actually send troops
anywhere drones in our culture today we
equate them with the US government using
them to murder innocent civilians
they've made a pretty bad name for
themselves but this done by Domino's
Pizza is actually indicative of what our
future relationships with drone
technology will probably be there are
just too many applications for what
essentially amounts to a pair of eyes on
a flying computer that you can pilot
remotely to find out what's going on
someplace of soon enough drones will
deliver pizza sniff out bombs find
people lost in natural disasters or
collapsed buildings check who's at the
door watch the kids on the playground or
as they walk to school see what the line
is like at Applebee's you get the idea
many companies are already hard at work
refining these applications of drone
technology so like it or not the future
will probably be packed with drones and
then you will all forget their bloody
legacy but this is nothing new that's
how it is with a lot of new technology
the government gets a hold of it first
often playing hand in developing it and
uses it for terrible acts of war
eventually the technology starts warming
itself into where everyday and
ultimately we end up accepting it as a
part of life often times we end up
loving it and relying on it heavily you
know that GPS system you love so much it
was developed for military Intel
purposes in the 1960s your cell phone
German tanks pioneered that technology
in World War two that war also spawned
your microwave oven
which started out as military radar
transmitters drones will be no different
we view them with malice now but the
fact of the matter is the technology
itself is not horrible and it will
continue to advance unlike the real
horrible truth that drones illustrate
which is not advanced and will always be
the same and that is the fact that war
mongers and greed driven tyrants with
blood and tears on their hands always
get to use all the coolest toys first
tonight let's talk about that by
following me on Twitter at the residence